Update ccclass and property attributes doc (#1747)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/scripting/ccclass.md

- When the `ccclass` is a component class, `Node` can find the component by its `ccclass` name.

## Property decorators

When the [`property`](#property) decorator is applied to a property or accessor of the `ccclass`, it's enabled as a cocos `property` which could be recognized by the editor and the engine.

Similar to the `ccclass`, the `property` decorator injects additional information to control the serialization of the property in **Cocos Creator 3.0** and the display of the property in the editor.

> This section only cover brief information about `property` decorator and `type` decorator, for more detailed instructions of using `property`, please refer to [Properties](#Properties) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section only covers brief information about the `property` decorator and the `type` decorator, for more detailed instructions on using `property`, please refer to the [Properties](#Properties) section.

### type

> When `default` attribute of the `property` cannot provide enough detailed type information, in order to display the correct input control in the **Inspector** panel, you must use `type` to explicitly declare the specific type. The object type can be explicitly specified by the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `default` attribute of the `property` cannot provide enough detailed type information, in order to display the correct input control in the **Inspector** panel, use `type` to explicitly declare the specific type. The object type can be explicitly specified by the following parameters:
```

- Constructor

  The type specified by the constructor is directly used as the `type` of the property.<br>

>   > **Note**: Javascript built-in constructors `Number`, `String`, `Boolean` should not be used in `type` parameter, instead you should use `CCFloat`, `CCString`, and `CCBoolean` accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: the JavaScript built-in constructors `Number`, `String`, and `Boolean` should not be used in the `type` parameter, instead use `CCFloat`, `CCString`, and `CCBoolean` accordingly.
```

  When using the constructor, built-in property type identification or array as the array element, the properties are specified as **Cocos Creator 3.0** array. For example, `[CCInteger]` declares the type as a array whose elements are integers.

If the property does not specify any `type`, **Cocos Creator 3.0** will derive its `type` from the default value of the property or the evaluation result of the initialization formula:
- If the value type is Javascript primitive type `number`, `string`, `boolean`, the `type` will be Creator `CCFloat`, `CCString`, and `CCBoolean`, respectively.
- Otherwise, if the value is an object type, it is equivalent to using the object's constructor to specify the `type`.
- Otherwise, the `type` of the property is **undefined**.

> Generally, you only need to explicitly declare the `type` in the following situations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, it is only necessary to explicitly declare the `type` in the following situations:
```

#### Serializable Parameters

> Properties with a default value of `default` will be serialized by default. After serialization, the values set in the editor will be saved to resource files such as scenes, and the previously set values will be automatically restored when the scene is loaded. If you don't want to serialize, you can set `serializable: false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties with a default value of `default` will be serialized by default. After serialization, the values set in the editor will be saved to resource files such as scenes, and the previously set values will be automatically restored when the scene is loaded. If you don't want to serialize, set `serializable: false`.
```

}
```

> ### group

Reviewer 2: 这块内容是 3.3 新增的，3.0 不需要哦

| `style`        | Grouping styles, currently only **tab** styles are supported. |

Example script is as follows:

```ts
import { _decorator, Component, Label, Sprite } from 'cc';
const { ccclass, property } = _decorator;

@ccclass('SayHello')
export class SayHello extends Component {

    // Subgroup 1
    // The property category named "bar" within the group, which contains a Label property named "label".
    @property({ group: { name: 'bar' }, type: Label }) 
    label: Label = null!; 
    // The property category named "foo" within the group, which contains a Sprite property named "sprite".
    @property({ group: { name: 'foo' }, type: Sprite }) 
    sprite: Sprite = null!;

    // Subgroup 2
    // The property category named "bar" within the group, which contains a Label property named "label2" and a Sprite property named "sprite2".
    @property({ group: { name: 'bar', id: '2' }, type: Label }) 
    label2: Label = null!; 
    @property({ group: { name: 'bar', id: '2' }, type: Sprite }) 
    sprite2: Sprite = null!;

}
```

> Mounting the script to the node displays the following image in the **Inspector** panel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attaching the script to the node displays the following image in the **Inspector** panel:
```
